[docs][multitenancy-manager] Add namespaces adoption mechanism docs (#12638)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/160-multitenancy-manager/docs/USAGE.md

### Automatic project creation for a namespace

It is possible to create a new project for the namespace. To do this, mark the namespace with an annotation `projects.deckhouse.io/adopt`. For example:

1. Create a new namespace:
   ```shell
   kubectl create ns test
   ```

1. Mark it with an annotation:
   ```shell
   kubectl annotate ns test projects.deckhouse.io/adopt=""
   ```

1. Make sure that the project was created:
   ```shell
   kubectl get projects
   ```
   A new project corresponding to the namespace will appear in the project list:
   ```shell
   NAME        STATE      PROJECT TEMPLATE   DESCRIPTION                                            AGE
   deckhouse   Deployed   virtual            This is a virtual project                              181d
   default     Deployed   virtual            This is a virtual project                              181d
   test        Deployed   empty                                                                     1m
   ```

The template of the created project can be changed to an existing one.

{% alert level="warning" %}

> Please note that when changing the template, a resource conflict may occur: if the template chart contains resources that are already present in the namespace, then you will not be able to apply the template, and Helm will issue an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that when changing the template, a resource conflict may occur: if the template chart contains resources that are already present in the namespace, then you will not be able to apply the template.
```

   A successfully created project should be in the `Deployed` state. If the state equals `Error`, add the `-o yaml` argument to the command (e.g., `kubectl get projects my-project -o yaml`) to get more detailed information about the error.

> ### Automatic project creation for a namespace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Creating a project automatically for a namespace
```

> It is possible to create a new project for the namespace. To do this, mark the namespace with an annotation `projects.deckhouse.io/adopt`. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a new project for a namespace. To do this, add the `projects.deckhouse.io/adopt` annotation to the namespace. For example:
```

1. Create a new namespace:

   ```shell
   kubectl create ns test
   ```

> 1. Mark it with an annotation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the annotation:
```

   ```shell
   kubectl annotate ns test projects.deckhouse.io/adopt=""
   ```

1. Make sure that the project was created:

   ```shell
   kubectl get projects
   ```

   A new project corresponding to the namespace will appear in the project list:

   ```shell
   NAME        STATE      PROJECT TEMPLATE   DESCRIPTION                                            AGE
   deckhouse   Deployed   virtual            This is a virtual project                              181d
   default     Deployed   virtual            This is a virtual project                              181d
   test        Deployed   empty                                                                     1m
   ```

> The template of the created project can be changed to an existing one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change the template of the created project to the existing one.
```

{% alert level="warning" %}

> Please note that when changing the template, a resource conflict may occur: if the template chart contains resources that are already present in the namespace, then you will not be able to apply the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that changing the template may cause a resource conflict. If the template chart contains resources that are already present in the namespace, you will not be able to apply the template.
```

> {% andalert %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% endalert %}
```
